Update doc about installing Ray Java (#14383)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/installation.rst

> Install Ray With Maven

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Ray Java with Maven
```

----------------------

> Before install it with Maven, you should install Ray by `pip install -U ray` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing Ray Java with Maven, you should install Ray Python with `pip install -U ray` . Note that the versions of Ray Java and Ray Python must match.
```

Reviewer: Please also mention that nightly Ray Python wheels are required if a user wants to install the Ray Java snapshot version.
